Building ebook2cw on a Mac
(provided by Alan Dove, N3IMU)

http://fkurz.net/ham/ebook2cw.html

These instructions assume that the user is comfortable building and installing
software from the command line as "root," and understands the risks. If that
doesn't describe you, then you probably shouldn't do this. Also, there's no
warranty if something bad happens. 

With that out of the way, here's what worked on at least one Mac Mini running OS 10.8.5:

1. Install Xcode if you haven't already. It's free in the App Store. 

2. Start Xcode, then go to Preferences and choose the "Downloads" tab. Under
   "Components," click to download the Command Line Tools and install them.

3. Download and install the pre-compiled Mac binary for the LAME MP3 encoder
  http://thalictrum.com/en/products/lame

4. Download the source code for ebook2cw. Put the folder someplace convenient
   on your hard drive, then open and read the README file. 

5. Start Terminal and navigate to the directory where you put the source code.
   Enter the following commands:

   sudo make USE_OGG=NO

   sudo make install
    ***If you get errors at /local/ before bin and share in path
6. Still in the Terminal, navigate to the Desktop. Find or create a short text
   file to test the program. If you name this file testfile.txt and put it onto
   your desktop, you can then type the command:

   ebook2cw testfile.txt

   A moment later, a file called Chapter0000.mp3 should appear on your desktop.
   The -o flag described in the instructions doesn't seem to work, so the program
   puts its output file in whatever directory you're in when you run it, and uses
   its default naming scheme. Just change the file name afterward if you prefer
   something else.

7. The first run of the program should create a hidden directory in your home
   directory, called .ebook2cw, and add a copy of the ebook2cw.conf file to it.
   You can edit this file to set your favorite parameters, so you don't have to
   enter them manually every time you use the program. To do this, type:

   nano ~/.ebook2cw/ebook2cw.conf

   then adjust or insert the settings you want and "Write out" (save) the file.
